well howdy they're here to see deep goat
again I guess now that the Republicans
in the Senate have agreed that they have
no reason to dispute the findings of the
intelligence community and admitted that
there was Russian interference in the
2016 election I guess that's gonna be a
story again
not gonna be a big one though because
they didn't prove collusion by the
intelligence community didn't do that
see that's not an intelligence community
duty that's law enforcement that's the
FBI's job not the intelligence community
the intelligence community is about
determining intent telling the future
crystal balls and all of that that's
what it's really about
most times catching somebody in the act
that's an afterthought you wanna know
what's going on and see we still don't
know that still don't know the one big
question see we know what happened when
it happened where it happened how it
happened but we don't know why it
happened we don't know why the Russian
campaign switched from simply
undermining the election - lets get
trump elected it's an interesting
development because they wouldn't shift
in the middle of it without a reason we
had to know their intent did they just
know that he was gonna be completely
unreliable on the international stage
and undermine the United States
throughout his entire tenure through
sheer incompetence did they know he
would fail every domestic stress test
that was put against him or were they
able to write to direct him
I mean it's odd when you really think
about it the other thing we need to note
is that all those great politicians who
we're saying it's a hoax
well I agree it's true it happened
I'm glad the armchair experts agree
those people with absolutely no training
and tradecraft at all well they get it
but we still have the
counterintelligence report
that's so hadn't come out yet that's
gonna be pretty revealing I imagine
because if it is released in any
substantial way we'll get to see some of
the measures the u.s. took to counteract
the Russian campaign we've got to know
the intent was it really just to put a
buffoon in the Oval Office or is he an
agent of influence maybe one who doesn't
even know that's what he is I mean it's
not like anybody's gonna accuse the
current commander-in-chief of being
savvy on the international stage maybe
he doesn't even know he's being used it
wouldn't be surprising
not much is anymore
the American people need to understand
that even the president's home party
could not dispute that a foreign
government wage campaign to get him
elected now we need to know why we need
to know what Russian intelligence knew
about the president that the voters
don't now that information probably
won't be forthcoming anytime soon
because well the intelligence community
likes to keep its tell your secret if
they can and this is a failure that this
is a failure at the end of the day
whether or not that campaign by the
Russians had a huge effect or not they
won they set out to put somebody in the
Oval Office and they did it now maybe it
only swung him a point or two maybe it
wasn't that effective but what it showed
them was that it was possible they will
try again and I would imagine they would
certainly try to help the person that
has strengthened their hand all over the
world from Syria to Iraq to Afghanistan
to Ukraine to everywhere that man has
attempted to engage in foreign policy it
all benefitted Russia
maybe that's just a coincidence
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night